I get a little example project set up here and you can find it attached to this video.
Now the code responsible for what you saw here on the screen is basically this app component template
where I output a list of servers and the servers are stored here in my app.component.ts file,
I got the servers array which simply holds a couple of Javascript object, each representing a server and then
at the bottom here, I got a little helper class which simply retrieves the right CSS classes which should be
attached to that list group item depending on the state of the server,
if it's stable or offline.
So this is the project we're starting with,
it looks all right but we get a couple of things we could fix here.
Now for example, we get a server name which looks all right to me but then we get this instance type
here, medium, large, small and we get the state.
Now you could for example put this instance type to be all uppercase and the date,
I'd like to change something about the state too
but let's start with the instance type, medium, large, small here to see how to use pipes and you will
see it's actually pretty simple. To change it,
we have to go to the template, to the HTML file because remember, a pipe is only responsible for transforming
the output,
so the right place to use it logically is the template.
Now here, I want to change this server instance type thing here.
I'll just bring it into a new line here
and the same for server started just to make it a bit easier to read
and now I would like this server instance type to be uppercase.
Now that's easy to achieve,
we just add the pipe symbol, hence the name, pipes and then the name of the pipe
and as mentioned before, there are a couple of built-in pipes and you can also build pipes on your own,
we will have a look at this in one of the next lectures.
Now a good built-in pipe for making this all uppercase of course is the uppercase pipe you saw in the
slide before. With that added, you
now see if you save this and go back to your webpage, that all the instance types here have been converted
to be uppercase.
So without changing anything else, without and that's important, changing the property itself, here
the instance types are still lowercase, without changing anything here,
we change the way users can view it simply by adding a pipe here.
That looks pretty good to me,
now let's move on to the date and for this, we get another pipe we could use.
So if we have a look at the HTML code here, the server started output here is responsible for rendering
the date,
well if we add the pipe symbol here too, we could add the date pipe, another built-in type and I will
come back to where you find those built-in pipes in a second.
Now with this added, let's save this and now you see out of the box,
this looks much nicer but it might not be the way you want it to look.
So let's learn more about how to configure pipes in the next video.